Improve examples for button-accessible-name (#1028)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/button-accessible-name-97a4e1.md

#### Passed Example 1

> The [accessible name][] of `button` elements comes from it's content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [accessible name][] of `button` elements comes from their content.
```

> The [accessible name][] of `button` elements comes from their content.

Reviewer 2: If you want to be consistent with the other examples...

The accessible name of the button element comes from its content.

```html
<button>My button</button>
```

#### Passed Example 2

> The [accessible name][] of the `input` button comes from it's `value` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [accessible name][] of the `input` button comes from its `value` attribute.
```

```html
<input type="submit" value="Submit" />
```

#### Passed Example 3

The [accessible name][] of the `button` comes from its `aria-label` attribute.

> 

Reviewer 2: There appear to be two different ways of phrasing the example descriptions. One is quite general, such as "The accessible name of button elements comes from their content" or "Elements with role=button require an accessible name. In this example...". The other is specific to the example itself, such as "The accessible name of the input button comes from its value attribute" or "The accessible name of the button comes from its aria-label attribute".

Should we be more consistent about this? Describe in more general terms and then give a code example.

"The accessible name of a button element can come from its content"
"An input element can also be a button. The accessible name of an input button can come from its value attribute."
"The accessible name of a button can come from its aria-label attribute"
"An element with role=button also requires an accessible name. In this example..."

I realise this comment has potentially further reaching implications.

Reviewer 3: I think we definitely should make example descriptions more consistent and have guidelines for them (the same way we reworked the rule names recently). See #834 That need some work agreeing on the guidelines and then even more work going through all rules…

I'd say this is quite independant from this PR, and as long as we do not have the guidelines to follow, it's hard to say that this PR does not comply to these guidelines 😄 

My personal choice for this description would probably be something like
> This `button` element has an [accessible name][] coming from its `aria-label` attribute.

Reviewer 2: The updated guidance in draft PR #946 isn't ready to merge yet. Sorry, my fault for being slow. It currently reads:

> Each test case should be simply and uniquely named, _e.g. "Passed Example 1"_. Each example must also include a brief declarative description that uses plain language, and is a well-formed grammatically correct sentence that finishes with a full stop/period. Words from code should use back ticks and be identified as elements or attributes.
> 
> > _For example:_ "This page has two `title` elements."

Do you think that is clear enough to guide this PR? And to guide #834?

> When there is no text content, a `button` can be given an [accessible name][] with the `aria-label` attribute.

Reviewer 3: Technically, `aria-label` can also be used when there is text content (and trumps it).
```suggestion
The [accessible name][] of the `button` comes from its `aria-label` attribute.
```

```html
<button aria-label="My button"></button>
```

#### Passed Example 4

Elements with `role="button"` require an [accessible name][]. In this example the [accessible name][] comes from the `aria-label` attribute.

```html
<span role="button" aria-label="My button"></span>
```

#### Passed Example 5

> The `summary` element has an [implicit semantic role][#implicit-semantic-role] of `button`. In this example it is given an [accessible name][] through it's content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `summary` element has an [implicit semantic role](#implicit-semantic-role) of `button`. In this example it is given an [accessible name][] through its content.
```

> The `summary` element has an implicit semantic role of `button`. In this example it is given an [accessible name][] through it's content.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `summary` element has an [implicit semantic role][#implicit-semantic-role] of `button`. In this example it is given an [accessible name][] through it's content.
```

#### Passed Example 8

> This `input` element has an [accessible name][] because of the default accessible name for an `input` element with a `type` attribute set to `reset`.

Reviewer 3: This is the case where the accessible name does not come solely from the [Accessible name Computation algorithm](https://www.w3.org/TR/accname-aam-1.1/) but also from the [HTML AAM](https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aam-1.0/#input-type-button-input-type-submit-and-input-type-reset).

Our current definition of accessible name only refers to the algorithm, not to the AAM. Thus, per our current definition, this has an empty "accessible name (ACT-R version)"…

=> We need to update the definition to also refer to the AAM.
This is likely the topic for another PR, however (#1096)…

> Some buttons have a default value. In this example the `input` element has "reset" as the [accessible name][], or translated of "reset" provided by the browser.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some buttons have a default value. In this example the `input` element has "reset" as the [accessible name][], or translation of "reset" provided by the browser.
```

```html
<input type="reset" />
```

### Failed

#### Failed Example 1

> The `button` element has an empty [accessible name][], because it has no content, nor any attribute that would give it an accessible name.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `button` element has an empty [accessible name][], because it has no content, nor any attribute that would give it an [accessible name][].
```

```html
<button></button>
```

#### Failed Example 2

> The `value` attribute can not be used to provide an [accessible name][] for `button` elements. Only on `input` buttons will the value be used as the [accessible name][].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `value` attribute can not be used to provide an [accessible name][] for `button` elements. Only on `input` buttons will the `value` be used as the [accessible name][].
```

```html
<button type="button" value="read more"></button>
```

#### Failed Example 3

> Elements with an explicit semantic role of `button` require an [accessible name][], either provided through it's content, or through an `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elements with an explicit semantic role of `button` require an [accessible name][], either provided through its content, or through an `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute.
```

</html>
```

### Inapplicable

#### Inapplicable Example 1

> Image buttons are tested in a separate rule, because also have to be tested for [success criterion 1.1.1 Non-text Content](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#non-text-content).

Reviewer 2: Surely image buttons are still required to have an accessible name.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this should hold up this PR. A new on can be created if needed following completion of discussions at #1049 .

```html
<input type="image" value="download" alt="Download" />
```

#### Inapplicable Example 2

> Buttons that are not [included in the accessibility tree][] are ignored by assistive technologies. These are not required to have an accessible name. If at some future state of the page the element is made visible, an [accessible name][] will be necessary.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Buttons that are not [included in the accessibility tree][] are ignored by assistive technologies. These are not required to have an accessible name. If at some future state of the page the element gets [included in the accessibility tree][], an [accessible name][] will be necessary.
```

```html

> <button style="display: none;"></button>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<button aria-hidden="true"></button>
```
There's no need to make the button invisible for that rule to be inapplicable.

Author: There is. It would fail SC 4.1.2. Inapplicable examples have to satisfy the success criteria they test.

```

#### Inapplicable Example 3

> A `button` element (or `input` button) can have it's role changed through the `role` attribute. Such elements are not applicable for this rule. In most scenarios this will still require an [accessible name][], but different rules, and different success criteria may be applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `button` element (or `input` button) can have its role changed through the `role` attribute. Such elements are not applicable for this rule. In most scenarios this will still require an [accessible name][], but different rules, and different success criteria may be applicable.
```
